1. Which are the top three variables in your model which contribute 
most towards the probability of a lead getting converted?
The Top 3 variables that contribute the most are: -
1. Tags, which has several categorical levels, but under our analysis was 
grouped into 6 categorical levels out of which 3 affect the model with 
respectable significances and humungous coefficients.
2. Lead Quality, which also got grouped into 6 categories, dummies for 5 
were created and all of them made it to the final model with great 
significance and high coefficients.
3. Last Activity, which had 5 categorical levels, 4 dummies created and all 
of them made it to the model, with significant coefficients.
“What is your current occupation” deserves a mention as 3 of its dummies are 
also in the model, but the coefficients are not as huge as say, Tags.
2. What are the top 3 categorical/dummy variables in the model which 
should be focused the most on in order to increase the probability of 
lead conversion?
The top 3 categorical or dummy variables are: -
1. Tags_Will revert after reading the email (Positive)
2. Lead Quality_Worst (Negative)
3. Tags_Missing (Positive)
These 3 are in descending order of the impact they make. As, in Tags with above 
2 categorical levels are most likely to convert, but a Lead Quality labelled as 
worst is most likely to turn cold. Hence, discouraging worst lead quality and 
encouraging other 2 traits in a lead can turn its fate.
3. X Education has a period of 2 months every year during which they 
hire some interns. The sales team, in particular, has around 10 
interns allotted to them. So, during this phase, they wish to make the 
lead conversion more aggressive. So, they want almost all of the 
potential leads (i.e., the customers who have been predicted as 1 by 
the model) to be converted and hence, want to make phone calls to 
as much of such people as possible. Suggest a good strategy they 
should employ at this stage.
This question can be answered in 2 very different dimensions.
• Firstly, the Analyst’s Perspective, suggests to look for the features that 
our model has chosen and then specifically look at their respective 
coefficients.
Now, as we are trying to maximize sales, we suggest to narrow down all 
the features with highly positive coefficient and try to make your leads 
abide to these features especially. These coefficients are as follows: -
I. Total Time Spent on Website
II. Lead Origin_Lead Add Form 
III. What is your current occupation_Unemployed
IV. What is your current occupation_Working Professional
V. Tags_Missing
VI. Tags_rare_val etc.
And, maybe try to suppress the features that have a negative coefficient
like: -
I. Lead_Quality_Might be
II. Lead_Quality_Missing and so on.
• And, Secondly there’s a Business side to all this. Meaning, the good old 
Sales Strategies because computers and machines are only as good as 
the Sales Strategies. The algorithms can certainly help determine, which 
clients have higher chance of conversions and what not. But Sales
Strategies cover the extra-mile, strategies like: -
1. Delivering a well-prepared pitch.
2. Having a competitive product (i.e., an all-rounded course)
3. Incentivising potential customer like Discounts, referral 
programs etc.
4. Similarly, at times, the company reaches its target for a quarter 
before the deadline. During this time, the company wants the sales 
team to focus on some new work as well. So during this time, the 
company’s aim is to not make phone calls unless it’s extremely 
necessary, i.e. they want to minimize the rate of useless phone calls. 
Suggest a strategy they should employ at this stage.
1. At times like these, follow the opposite of above approach, not in a 
negative manner like discouraging customers. But, only giving calls to the 
customers who have a really high Score metric. 
2. The company can also introduce some kind of test as well so the 
students (or customers) passing these will get the final call. This will also 
introduce a sort of exclusivity in the pool of students and ensure that only
qualified students get in.
3. At times like these, Sales staff will be under-utilized, they can pivot to 
other clerical domains within the company, where extra manpower will 
be required due to abundance of new admissions. This will also lead to 
reduction in number of useless calls, due to lesser number of personnel. 
4. Revocation or discouragement of Sales Strategies like discounts and 
referrals will also help. 
5. The Salesmen with more sales that quarter can be given gift certificates
to a trip or some other outing. So, that they’re away and not making 
useless calls. In process, this will also boost Employee’s Morales for the 
next quarter
